TAXII2 type filter (#20632)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/ReleaseNotes/2_0_12.md

#### Integrations
##### TAXII2 Server

> - Fixed an issue where filtering by type did not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where filtering by type did not function as expected.
```
